After the user has logged in and added times for availability, the user should also enter in an address/location of where he or she is. The web application should provide a list of suggestions for nearby restaurants that are open within the given time frame the user has provided. These restaurant suggestions should be taken from Yelp reviews. The suggestions provided should be ordered based on distance to the user entered location. The closer restaurants should be top suggestions and restaurants that are farther away should be further down the list. Obviously, since these suggestions are taken from Yelp, users can filter restaurants by cuisine, price, star-rating, and distance. Users could also look at the menus and pictures of the restaurant as well as the food served in addition to reading reviews. Each restaurant suggestion will also have an “x” button in the top right hand corner so users can manually filter and remove restaurants they do not want to go to. Once the user has picked out a restaurant he/she wants to go to, there should be another green button to the right of the restaurant name that says “Go!”. If the user clicks “Go!” then there should be a small pop-up that allows the user choose from when to when the user would like to go to the restaurant. If the restaurant is closed at the time the user selects, then another popup shows up that tells the user to choose another time when the restaurant is open or choose another restaurant. If the user has selected a valid time when the restaurant is open, then the web application should set aside set time slot in the user’s calendar. Another popup will show up with the restaurant’s phone number to help the user set up a reservation at the restaurant selected. 

Potential problems with this, however, include the fact that the web application cannot reserve a seat at the restaurant for the user, it cannot predict wait times at popular restaurants, and would not work for restaurants that do not allow reservations.
